# Design
## Solving and Generating Algorithm (Java)

Both the solving and generating algorithms use a class called SudokuBoard to represent sudoku puzzles. The solve() method takes in a SudokuBoard as a parameter and passes it to a private recursive helper method that returns a solution. The recursive helper method keeps track of row and column indexes as it traverses the board data and inputs possible values into empty spaces (trying values starting from 1 and ending at the side length of the board). Every inputted number is checked against a set of other existing numbers in the same row, column, and square to ensure that the solution follows the rules of Sudoku. When it finds the solution that fills out every empty space in the sudoku board, it returns that solution. The generating algorithm starts with an empty SudokuBoard and initially uses a modified version of the solving algorithm to generate a randomly-solved sudoku board. The modified version inputs randomly-chosen possible numbers from the parameter numGenerator (of type Random) into spaces instead of following numerical order. The next step of the generating algorithm removes numbers from the randomly-solved sudoku board based on whether each difficultyAssessor.nextDouble() value (from the other Random parameter) is less than the normalized difficulty parameter provided in the method call. Finally, it returns the partially-solved SudokuBoard, posing a challenge to the user to fill out the unfilled boxes.

## Api structure
## Website design
Written with html, css, and javascript. Nothing too technical about the implementation. Most of the design decisions were based on improving the ease of use and clean asthetic of the website, such as bordering 3x3 squares with thicker lines and placing the board and buttons in intuitive locations. 
